Add Sub failsafes to wiki (#6834)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: sub/source/docs/crash_check.rst

.. _crash_check:

===========
Crash Check
===========

> Sub includes a crash check which can disarm the motors in cases where the vehicle is likely out of control and has hit something.  This reduces damage to the vehicle and also reduces the chance of injury to people near the vehicle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sub includes a crash check which can disarm the motors in cases where the vehicle is likely out of control and has hit something.  This reduces damage to the vehicle and its surroundings, and also reduces the chance of injury to people or creatures nearby.
```
